the advice that I wish I had listened more to or I wouldn't exactly say
it's advice that would listen more to it Beam or things that would
have thought about a bit more and those those would have been, Maybe
not being so worried about, uh, where my career trajectory would be
if I decided not to take specific jobs and decided to do something
that was a bit more may be interesting or beneficial to me. Personally.
I've had a good career and I've enjoyed what I've done. But there's
some things that I passed up that I wish I had. Not even if it
was just applying for those things on DDE had the option to take him.
Uh, I think that's that would have been something I would have take
more, take more advantage of